Remove extra / when building the pipeline for import certificate (#47795)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/keyvault/Azure.Security.KeyVault.Certificates/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed
- Corrected a typo in the documentation for `CertificatePolicy.KeySize`, changing the RSA key length from "4092" to "4096".

> - Removed an extra `/` when building the pipeline for `CertificateClient.ImportCertificate` and `CertificateClient.ImportCertificateAsync`.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
- Removed an extra `/` when building the request Uri for `CertificateClient.ImportCertificate` and `CertificateClient.ImportCertificateAsync`.
```
